docs(trace-view): Updating docs referencing the trace view. (#1270)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/research/performance/index.mdx

                create_thumbnail(result)
```

Sentry's billing model is per event, be it an error event or a transaction event. That means that a transaction within a transaction generates two billable events.

In SDKs, having a transaction within a transaction will cause inner spans to be "swallowed" by the innermost transaction surrounding them. In these situations, the code creating the spans will only add them to one of the two transactions, causing instrumentation gaps in the other.

> To visualize all transactions that share a `trace_id`, a user can visit the Trace View page in **Sentry > Performance**. This page gives an overview of the trace by displaying transactions using hierarchical UI and allows users to load child spans. To learn more about the Trace View, checkout our [docs](https://docs.sentry.io/concepts/key-terms/tracing/trace-view/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To visualize all transactions that share a `trace_id`, a user can visit the Trace View page in **Sentry > Performance**. This page gives an overview of the trace by displaying transactions using hierarchical UI and allows users to load child spans. To learn more about the Trace View, check out our [docs](https://docs.sentry.io/concepts/key-terms/tracing/trace-view/). 
```
